OADP-8503: Removing the Velro CLI docs in OADP (#116567)
openshift/openshift-docs: backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/troubleshooting/velero-cli-tool.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="velero-cli-tool"]

> = Velero CLI tool

Author: ```suggestion
= Debugging backup and restore operations
```

Should we also change the name of the page to something more neutral

Author: ```suggestion
= OADP CLI plugin and Velero CLI tool
```

or even keep both tools visible in the title, which is more honest about the page's actual content.

include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
include::_attributes/attributes-openshift-dedicated.adoc[]
:context: velero-cli-tool
:namespace: openshift-adp
:local-product: OADP

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Use the {oadp-short} CLI plugin for all backup and restore operations, including viewing logs and descriptions. Downloading the `velero` CLI tool is not neccessary.

Author: ```suggestion
Use the {oadp-short} CLI plugin for all backup and restore operations, including viewing logs and descriptions. You do not need to download the `velero` CLI tool to debug `Backup` and `Restore` custom resources (CRs) or troubleshoot failed operations.
```

> Use the {oadp-short} CLI plugin for all backup and restore operations, including viewing logs and descriptions. Download the `velero` CLI tool only for advanced debugging scenarios not covered by the {oadp-short} CLI plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the {oadp-short} CLI plugin for all backup and restore operations, including viewing logs and descriptions. Downloading the `velero` CLI tool is not neccessary.
```

> Download the `velero` CLI tool for advanced debugging scenarios that are not covered by the {oadp-short} CLI plugin. For common operations such as viewing backup and restore logs and descriptions, use the {oadp-short} CLI plugin] instead.

Reviewer: Use the OADP CLI plugin in leui of the velero cli for all oadp / velero operations and commands.

> Use the {oadp-short} CLI plugin for all backup and restore operations, including viewing logs and descriptions. You do not need to download the `velero` CLI tool to debug `Backup` and `Restore` custom resources (CRs) or troubleshoot failed operations.

Author: reworked to fit RH style for abstracts

> Download the `velero` CLI tool for advanced debugging scenarios that are not covered by the {oadp-short} CLI plugin. For common operations such as viewing backup and restore logs and descriptions, use the xref:../cli-tools/oadp-cli-plugin.adoc#oadp-cli-plugin[{oadp-short} CLI plugin] instead.

Author: ```suggestion
Download the `velero` CLI tool for advanced debugging scenarios that are not covered by the {oadp-short} CLI plugin. For common operations such as viewing backup and restore logs and descriptions, use the {oadp-short} CLI plugin] instead.
```
